#A ted have argued that ehuman is different from the ape, since that one individuail human is less powerful than an ape, 
but after some corporation, human will be much more poweful than ape. 
but there isn't a measre of how ape and human communication
This part of this research will try to give an measure between human and ape.

#After a certain level of complexity
I want to measure things in a binary tree, so that this will explain things more easily.

Let us assume that human can deliever one binary tree of 5 level and with 2^5-1=31 notes to another human in 5 minutes
but the ape can only deliever one binary tree of 3 level with 2^3 -1 = 7 notes to another human in 15 minutes

we assume that each choice in a binary tree will make 1 bit information. that means that the edge number of tree decide the 
information value of the tree. 

we can estimate that with n notes, there will be n+1 edges, so will have (n+1) bit of information. 

but here we have one important things. 

We human ourself have the limitaion of communication. 

Assume that we have a binary tree of information with (n+1) bit, I passwed the tree to you, so that you can make (n+1) 
right decision, when facing the tree problem. but with the number of nodes increase, it will just be impossible for me to 
transper the tree to you, cause that the transper cost is too much.

Here is the difference between human and digital intelligence. 
One computer can pass any level of knowledge to another with any pysical limitation. like one computer can pass 1TB data to
anther computer by torrent way. but human can't, the maximum knowledge one human can pass to another is 8bit, any knoledge above
this level can be passed form one person to anotehr. 

what's this finally going to make? 
Are there someday, computer will super human in intelligence, this is certainly will make, with more's law, the intelligence 
increase of compute is so much faster than human, and they can communication any level of complexity of knowledge, unlike human
we can only parallized a certian level of konwledge
